Hi, I am Hakot. Welcome to Iron Sharpen's Iron.
Being an effective minister means being familiar with our message and the tools we use to share it.
One of those tools is JW Library.
It allows us to download, organize and study our publications.
I've got tons of notes with gems from personal study.
Another tool is JW.org.
It's special because of a powerful search engine and the ability to easily switch languages.
It's the first place many interested people search for more information.
These features make it an invaluable tool for our ministry.
But how can it make us better?
Let's see in this demonstration.
It's everything okay?
Sorry.
Did you just remind me of my dad?
No need to be sorry. Do you want to talk about it?
The smallest things remind me that he's not here.
One moment, I'm fine. The next in tears.
There's something that helps me when I get overwhelmed.
It's a promise of our future.
And he will wipe out every tear from their eyes and death will be no more.
Neither will morning nor outcry, no pain be anymore.
The former things have passed away.
This scripture has gone me through some of the worst times of my life.
But there's also an amazing article that goes through each piece of the promise.
Our sister could have used JW Library to look up the scripture.
And that would be fine.
But by using JW.org, she had this scripture, related articles, and videos right at her fingertips.
The search page acted as her guide.
Depending on the language you choose on JW.org,
the search results can vary since not every article or video is available in all languages.
But you will find something helpful related to your entered scripture.
She could focus on really listening and being a compassionate person.
What if she didn't have a scripture in mind to share?
Let's see what she does now.
Here's a video of those that felt the pain of losing a loved one.
And this is how they coped.
Again, effectively searching with JW.org, proved helpful.
Did you notice her search terms?
She chose words specific to the situation, but general enough to encompass a variety of articles and videos.
If she only typed in death, articles on Jesus' death and being afraid of death would be featured.
Not helpful in this situation.
But by focusing the topic, the right article or video is a click away.
And remember the benefit of using JW.org?
Her workmate can now explore the site on her own.
Now, what can we do if the householder speaks a different language?
Hello.
I want to introduce you to the Chinese.
Where can I find the right article?
Wow, your Chinese is pretty good.
That's pretty much all I got.
Where are you visiting from?
Do you know how to find more answers from the Bible?
Sure.
On this website, you will find the digital version of the brochure you have and many others.
And if you want to read the site in a different language, you tap here.
Here's Mandarin.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
We give people the Bible's powerful message in the language of their heart.
So, take time to get familiar with JW.org.
Why not practice searching your favorite scriptures and seeing the related articles that come up?
Or you can rehearse, switching the website to a language others commonly speak in your area.
By sharpening our skills, we can focus on the people in front of us and help them get to know our God, Jehovah.